.
Ding dong!
We are back!
This time things are gonna be
pure crazy!
Let's get fucking mortal.
Yeah!
You fuck off.
Fucking divvy.
Yes!
We're gonna be the radgiest
we have ever been.
What the hell?
Oh, fucking yes.
Argh!
(shouts)
It's gonna be the maddest
of mad things.
Oh, my God.
This is amazing.
One big, fucked up family.
Cheers!
(they laugh)
I miss this.
Mm-hmm.
It's just not the same
in the house without Aaron.
What's going on here?
Have you missed me?
I haven't got the feelings
that I did.
I've always hoped me and him
could be more than friends.
(shouting)
It's mint to have Gaz
back in the house.
I am single.
Fuck off. What?
I am back and I am single.
Abbie, how do you feel?
He's got a tan.
He's only been here five
minutes.
I wanna know how Abbie
is fitting in.
Scott doesn't give a fuck
about lad code.
Fucking hell, Marty, calm down!
Tomorrow, it's Aaron's fight and
I
can't fucking wait to see him.
I should have a degree
in pulling women.
I'm a natural beauty.
Real boobs, real hair.
Get me in this house
cos I'm gonna tear the place up.
I'm tanned, toned
and ready to tash on.
I'm preened to perfection.
I'm totally crackers, me, like.
I'm cheeky and colourful
and full of mischief.
I could talk the back legs
off a donkey.
My quiff's pure lethal
and my banter's pure naughty.
(all) Geordie Shore! Wey-aye!
Last night I was a pure fucking
mess.
I had a fight with Scott
and Chloe wouldn't cuddle us.
I need to sort this shit clean
out.
Morning glory!
How are you so happy? Cos we're
going to Birmingham. Come on.
Tonight is Aaron's fight
and I am literally shitting
myself.
How are you feeling, Marnie,
about Aaron fighting?
Didn't really sleep.
I'm just feeling so nervous
about Aaron's fight.
I just want him back.
I miss him so much.
You're lucky Aaron was training,
cos if Aaron was here last
night...
Martin massively overreacted,
as per fucking usual.
I just hope
that tonight's different.
Whoo-hoo!
Aaron! Aaron!
Aaron!
(all) Aaron!
The family need to keep together
for Aaron's fight tonight.
I'm gonna meditate. Hum!
Everyone keep together
for Aaron's fight. Hum!
I'm going to have a shit.
(chuckles)
Scott.
What?
Going to see Aaron fight, man.
Wake up.
I'm pure buzzing.
Cos one, Gaz is here, and number
two, Aaron's got his fight
today.
What a fucking belter.
Where's Marty?
I actually don't know.
He was smashed last night.
Ended up starting a fight.
Marty's not with the lads
probably cos he feels awkward
about
that kick-off. The little dick.
I'm gonna jump in the shower,
wash my cock.
I'm hanging out.
There's nae scran in the fridge,
all the more reason to get
packed
and get to Birmingham
for Aaron's fight.
Whoo!
Ducks, do not worry.
We haven't forgot you.
Anna has got a duck sitter to
check
in on you tonight.
(all) Aaron! Aaron! Aaron!
We've got overnight cases
packed,
all the girls are fake tanned.
Let's get on that bus,
ready for fight night.
It's going to be a good one.
Aaron! Aaron!
I know how much this means to
Aaron.
He's wanted to do it for so
long.
I can't imagine him not winning.
It takes balls to do what he's
doing.
I'm just scared that, like,
when he gets in that ring,
I hope it doesn't all, like,
come down on him
where he's like,
"Fuck, I'm in a cage."
I just can't wait to see Aaron.
Since he hasn't been in the
house,
it's made us realise how much
I care for him.
Come on, Aaron!
(indistinct shouting)
We've got to Birmingham and
we've got
ourselves a fucking waxa hotel.
Get in!
Whoo-hoo!
The hotel is amazing.
It's so fucking posh.
I feel like such a princess.
We've got four rooms,
two people to each room.
This is big, isn't it?
This is my side of the bed.
We've got an iron.
Oh, my God,
it's like a proper honeymoon
suite.
What is it?
(both) Mini bar!
Cheers, kid. Cheers to Aaron.
What a belter.
On the go! Wine time.
Let's get ready!
I need to look amazing.
It's the first time
I've seen Aaron in ages
and I wanna look me best.
Where's the toothpaste?
I wanna do something
really special for Aaron
and I wanna get his initials
in my braids.
I want the whole arena to know
how much I've got his back.
All right!
Heya, kid.
All right, son.
I still haven't even spoke to
Scott
about what a complete knacker
I was last night. I need to sort
it
out before we go to the fight.
Cos Aaron's been gone...
Is that an apology Marty made?
Fuck me. The kid's actually
growing some balls.
Consider the bridge built,
you little fuck.
Let's try and keep the fight
to the cage tonight, boys?
No arguments. We're there for
Aaron
and then we have a wicked night.
I don't care what happened
last night.
Tonight is Aaron's night
and I won't let anybody argue.
We'll do the walk.
Marty, you go first. And go.
(laughs) Go on, son!
It's time to go to the arena. I
am
literally shaking. He needs to
win.
(Sophie) Here we go!
Boys, we're the first taxi.
Watch my shoes!
Back in Newcastle,
Chloe dresses like a fucking
tramp.
But tonight,
she is like a gorgeous prom
queen.
Well, I think we all look
fucking stunning.
Gorgeous, gorgeous girls and
boys
in this car.
(Nathan) Only the best.
This is it.
(indistinct shouting)
Get to the arena, we're all
rushing
to get in there
and what... the fuck?
Hey!
It's Joel.
How you doing?
Sophie's boyfriend Joel's here.
She is gonna be buzzing about
this.
Hi. What the hell? Joel's here.
Tonight is gonna be even better.
Let's get in the arena
and get ready for this fight.
(cheering)
This place is fucking bouncing.
I couldn't have (indistinct)
in front of this many people.
This is my first fight.
And the atmosphere in the arena
is amazing.
We're ring-side,
just where I like to be.
I'm looking around this arena
and I'm actually frightened.
What has Aaron gotten into?
When he gets in there,
it's gonna be scary.
Look! Oh, God!
Are you scared?
I'm terrified.
I don't know what I was
expecting.
I wasn't expecting this.
All the fighters
look so fucking scary.
I think the girls thought we
were
going to a boxing match.
No, girls. This is MMA.
You can get knocked the fuck
out.
Oh!
I feel so sorry for Marnie.
She's just started crying. This
must mean she still cares for
Aaron.
So far,
the fights have all been brutal.
People are even bleeding.
I am shitting myself.
The fight is round the corner.
I can literally feel it.
All I wanna do is get in there
and get the job done.
Go on, Aaron!
Maaron is back.
I'm not wasting nae time, me.
Abbie needs to stop thinking
about Scott.
He will never, ever change.
(all) Geordie Shore! Wey-aye!
.
(cheering)
The fight is round the corner.
I can literally feel it.
Looking around this arena,
and I'm actually frightened.
What has Aaron gotten into?
(announcer) "Ladies and
gentlemen...
(indistinct)"
Aaron's fight
is finally being announced.
Last time I felt this nervous,
I was getting my tash waxed.
And that really fucking hurt.
This guy who he's fighting
looks terrifying.
(both) Boo!
Who does he think he is
sticking his fingers up?
I'll get in the fucking ring
and fight him.
"Make some noise for
Aaron 'The Choker' Chalmers!"
(cheering)
I am so scared.
I need to check my knickers
because I think I've shit
myself.
The family are here to support
us,
but I'm so focused,
I can't even look at them.
All I wanna do is get in there
and get the job done.
Aaron walks past us,
doesn't even look at us.
I feel so nervous
that I'm getting emotional.
I'm fucking hyped up as fuck.
I know he's gonna pure do the
kid.
"Aaron 'The Choker' Chalmers!"
(cheering)
Go on!
Go on, Aaron. You can do it!
My nerves have turned
to complete excitement.
I'm literally screaming me head
off.
Go on, Aaron!
All of a sudden, Aaron just
changes
gear and fucking goes for it.
This is unbelievable. Go on!
Come on, Aaron!
Punch his fucking head in!
Fucking hell.
Aaron is smashing this.
He looks like Kung Fu Panda.
Ha-cha-cha!
Go on, son!
Come on, Aaron!
The lad can't even move.
Time to tap out, mate.
(all cheer)
(Gaz) Yes! Aaron has fucking
done it.
He has won. I am buzzing.
Yeah!
I've won the fight and
it's the best feeling in the
world.
I look over and the family are
bouncing around like lunatics.
Aaron! Aaron!
Go, Aaron! Go, Aaron!
Aaron! Aaron! Aaron!
"Your winner,
Aaron 'The Choker' Chalmers!"
If I'm gonna get the chance
to go in that ring
and give Aaron a hug.
I'm gonna take it.
Open that door, I'm coming in.
Marnie's come in the ring
to give us a cuddle.
Now, that is very cute.
Seeing Aaron in that ring,
all sweaty and muscly,
was getting us so horny,
my vagina was calling his name.
Marnie's just admitted
that she wants sex with Aaron.
The sexual chemistry between
them
two has been going on for weeks.
Maaron is back.
I'm no groupie,
but we need to get backstage
and see Aaron "The Champ"
Chalmers
and give him
the congratulations he deserves.
Fucking legend.
(they cheer)
All the family are running
towards us
and I don't know
who's more excited, me or them.
You was going akka! (indistinct)
I never had any doubt for the
kid.
Do you know why?
He's a Geordie,
and Geordies are hard as fuck.
(indistinct)
I'm so happy for him,
but he fucking stinks of sweat.
Enjoy it?
You did so good.
You were giving digs! I'm never
gonna argue with you again.
Everyone's all over Aaron
and I feel so awkward around
him.
He looks amazing.
I've got butterflies.
I seen him giving you shit.
No-one talks to my family like
that.
What's your plan?
I'm gonna go and get smashed.
Enjoy yourself.
Get back to the house soon.
Aaron's not sure
he'll make it out tonight.
I understand.
Go and have fun with your team.
We'll have plenty of drinks for
you.
Right then, enjoy your night.
Fuck off!
Don't worry. Tomorrow I'll be
back
and we'll party properly.
That's the smell of a fighter.
Bye!
Thank God Aaron won. I cannot
wait
to get to this club in
Birmingham.
Let's just hope
it's as good as the Toon.
This fight has taken it out of
us.
I didn't sleep the night before.
My emotions have been up and
down,
hot and cold. I'm ready for bed.
So, we just rocked up at Bamboo
in Birmingham. It's going off.
Tonight is gonna be quality.
Aaron fucking won, didn't he?!
(they cheer)
We are still buzzing
for Aaron's win,
and even though
he can't come out tonight,
we're gonna celebrate for him.
Marnie might not be coming out
tonight.
It's been mint having Joel here.
He's made the night better for
us.
I look over and Marty and Scott
are friends again.
Aaron's fight
has brung everyone together.
When me and Marty are happy
and having a laugh,
there's no-one
I'd rather spend time with.
I want him all to myself.
You know what it is?
Anything can happen tonight.
After watching that fight,
I'm up for owt, me.
Sorry, Marns,
I couldn't keep my mouth shut.
The world has got to know
that Maaron is hopefully back
on.
Marnie wants to shag Aaron.
Get the fuck in.
Cos his balls will be like
two planets, Mars and Jupiter.
Is that even a planet?
It's good that me and Scott
can chat like this, as friends.
I just want to have a good
night.
This club is absolutely mint.
I didn't realise the clubs
in Birmingham would be this
good.
I'm not wasting nae time.
I've just found a fit bird
and I'm getting her in
I need to blow off some naughty
steam tonight and get buckled.
I know Scott can do what he
wants.
But watching him neck on with a
girl
in front of us really hurts.
Abbie needs to stop thinking
about Scott.
He will never, ever change.
He is such a dickhead,
and she could do so much better.
I know that Abbie's
obviously upset over Scott.
But she needs me and Gary to
tell
her exactly how it is.
Abbie, did you think you and
Scott
were gonna get married?
He bangs birds and fucks off.
He's a prick.
Although I feel like Scotty
has ruined my night,
it's nice to know that Gaz
and Sophie have comforted us
and made me feel like
I am part of the family.
I fucking love Birmingham, me.
I swear down it's exactly the
same as
the Toon, but they talk pure
weird.
I minding my own business
with this bird in the club.
I'm fucking dying to take her
home.
What the fuck? Joel is so
mortal,
he's ended up slipping
a cheeky finger up us.
At least me fanny doesn't stink.
But this is definitely time
for us all to leave.
All right, let's go.
Go on, then.
Love ya. All right, bye.
Joel, do not go back in.
I'd love Joel to come back
to the hotel,
but he's got work tomorrow,
so take your finger and go home.
Babe, what's your name?
Holly.
Holly, my name's Chloe.
Where the hell is she gonna
stay?
There's no fucking room at the
inn.
Hey!
Yay!
I love being a third wheel.
It's mint.
I'm gonna make this so
uncomfortable
for Scott
for as long as I possibly can.
Let's just go to bed.
Scott's thinking,
"Will Gaz just fuck off?"
(indistinct)
She said she wanted a threesome.
Threesome? The look on Scott's
face.
Don't worry, mate. I'm joking.
(indistinct) Threesome!
Not to be rude,
but he's not sharing the room.
And he's not sharing the bird
either. So, ta-ta.
I can smell booze.
Oh, my God.
I can smell it.
We all check on Marnie
to see how she's feeling
while getting midnight scran.
I'm so sorry. Are you OK?
Yeah, I'm good.
Marnie, Scotty pulled.
Gary's now sharing with Martin.
Chloe will stay with you
or come in with me and Abbie.
We've just got back
and I'm still fucking rocking,
me.
I wanna go on back out.
Birmingham is my oyster.
I getting ready for bed,
I come out the bathroom and,
wait a second, where is Marty?
Where has that little shit gone
now?
Tonight has been pure amazing,
but it's time for Scotty T
and his pocket rocket
to take off. Scotty T out.
Let's get up
and get back to Newcastle. Come
on!
Marty didn't come home
and Scott is nowhere to be seen.
Birmingham, good luck with them
two.
It's Aaron's car.
I am beyond excited.
(all) Surprise!
All the family have gone to so
much
effort. We're gonna pull fit
girls.
There's only one girl
that I wanna pull tonight.
Fuck me, it looks like a mouse.
(all) Geordie Shore! Wey-aye!
.
I loved it last night.
We were a team, weren't we?
Yeah, we were.
We actually were a family.
We've woke up this morning
in a really good mood.
Everyone is buzzing
that Aaron won his fight.
That was a memory.
I feel so much better
after coming back to the hotel.
But now I'm ready to celebrate
with Aaron tonight.
I bet you can't wait
for Aaron to get back.
Yeah.
You spontaneously said last
night,
"I'm gonna fuck him."
Yeah. Oh, I will.
(both gasp)
It'll be amazing.
Last night, Aaron looked so
sexy.
So I wanted to have
some sexy time with him.
I think my feelings
are starting to come back,
but I don't know
if he feels the same.
I want him to do all that on me,
but in a sexual way.
With his willy inside of us.
Instead of punching,
it's the willy going...
(laughs)
Morning, roomie.
Hello!
How you feeling?
Like shit. How are you feeling
today
about Scott?
I've been getting upset a lot
lately
and I want it to happen any
more.
I am not letting Scott ruin
any more of my nights out.
Single Abbie is making a
comeback.
I've really enjoyed my time
in Birmingham.
But I feel like
there's no place like home.
And I can't wait
to get back to Newcastle. I
know.
Right, Abbie, let's get up
and get back to Newcastle,
cos tonight is gonna be a big
one.
It's the return
of Aaron "The Champ" Chalmers.
Birmingham has been amazing,
but we need to get back to Toon
ASAP before Anna goes pure
radge.
Marty didn't come home
and Scott is nowhere to be seen.
Birmingham, good luck with them
two.
I would help,
but I've got a bus to catch.
Let's get home. Come on,
In true Geordie style, it looks
like
we're late for the bus.
Scott and Marty
are nowhere to be seen.
They're definitely gonna miss
it.
Where's Abbie?
I'm coming.
Whoo!
We get back
and everyone's knackered,
but we haven't got time to be
tired.
We need to get this place
looking amazing
for Aaron to come back to the
house.
All of us wanna make it special
for Aaron.
We wanna show how much we
supported
him and how much we've missed
him.
I'm gonna bake. Nathan, Sophie
and Chloe are gonna decorate.
Do we have a measuring jug?
Nah.
Well, how the fuck
am I supposed to make a cake?
Gary!
Two seconds.
Marnie wants my help
to bake a massive cake
to celebrate Aaron coming back.
I wanna use duck eggs in the
cake.
Go on.
Put some alcohol in it.
I don't know where Marty and
Scott
are, so if they're not back
tonight,
it'll be me and Aaron.
Which is good, Aaron's single.
And I'm single.
Does that scare you?
No. Really?
As long as he's got time
to give me attention, then I'm
fine.
I hope Aaron's as up for this as
me.
But so much has happened in the
past, who knows what he's
thinking.
Cuh! Ah.
Me, Abbie and Nathan
have decided to make a banner.
But I think it's a bad idea,
cos I can't spell.
It's meant to be capital
letters.
Is that a capital? Nope.
That looks like a H.
Fuck.
I'm not being funny,
but Picasso has got nowt on me.
How the fuck do you know
who Picasso is?
This bitch knows who Picasso is,
but she can't spell her own
name?
I'm shocketh.
That's a very good job.
How are we that clever?
My mam would be proud.
Picasso would be proud.
We need to put all this stuff up
before Aaron arrives.
Voila! It's Aaron,
but we're not sure how to spell
it.
(laughs)
Is it double A? Is it one A?
Is it double R? Is it one R?
Who gives a fuck?
Let's just get all the
variations
added on the balloons.
Wha-hey!
My cock's clean.
Oh, my God!
That's so good.
Everyone has worked so hard
and the house looks amazing.
All we need now is Aaron.
(gasps) Oh, my God.
It's Aaron's car. Quick.
Positions!
We can hear the car pull up,
so everybody quickly into
positions.
We're gonna give him
the best surprise.
Grab, grab, grab.
Girls, girls, quick.
Aah!
Shh!
I am beyond excited.
I just can't wait to see his
face.
I hope he loves what we've done
for
him. Wait till he says
something.
It's been great preparing
for my fight,
but now I'm back,
I can't wait to see my family.
Oi, oi! Oh, what's the
fucking...
I get back to the house and
there's
a banner up
saying "Congratulations",
but there's no-one here. Please
tell
me they're in this fucking
house.
One, two, three.
(all) Surprise!
Boom!
Surprise!
Oh, that look on his face.
Priceless.
The champion has returned!
(cheering)
I'm just so pleased
to have him back.
The last two weeks
has dragged without him.
I fucking shit myself.
You all right?
All the family have gone
to so much effort,
but where the fuck is Scott
and Marty?
Aaron, I wrote this.
"Aaron Chalmers, he's our
champ."
"He gets Marnie Simpson damp."
I'm a poet and I didn't know it.
And I've done this.
It's for you. No more diet!
Tell us what it's got in it.
It's one of your favourite
things.
What's it got in it?
What else?
Rum!
It's a rum cake.
My three favourite things
are in this cake.
Chocolate, rum and a bit of
Marnie.
Let's go get ready,
cos it's a fucking big night.
Even though Scott
and Marty are still AWOL,
I'm just buzzing to have Aaron
back.
Now we can celebrate
our champion tonight.
Everyone is so buzzing
that Aaron's back.
I know tonight is gonna be
a fucking mint one.
But where the fuck is Marty?
It's a shame that he's not here.
I am the contour queen.
The girls are trying to make me
feel better about Scott.
I've got Sophie doing my hair
and Chloe doing my make-up.
These girls really know
how to look after us.
I've shaved my fanny.
Let's have a look.
We're all wanting to spruce up
and look amazing for tonight.
And I want to put in
extra attention for Aaron.
Fuck me, it looks like a mouse.
Marnie's fanny is that smooth,
it looks like a dolphin's beak,
and that can only mean one
thing.
Her and Aaron are having sex.
Does anyone have underwear
that I can borrow?
Someone must have some knickers.
Scotty is still probably
dicking around in Birmingham.
But the girls have made me feel
like a million dollars,
so I'm gonna go out tonight
and turn some heads.
Who needs Scotty fucking T?
You haven't seen these, have
you?
We've now got pet ducks.
I don't know what the crack was,
but guess what their names are?
Squeaky and Skinny.
(both laugh)
Skinny and Squeaky.
Who the fuck has chosen these
ducks?
I'm single now. We haven't been
single together in fucking
years.
We're gonna pull fit girls,
all right? Fit.
I can't believe
me and Gaz are both single.
That literally never happens.
But there's only one girl
that I wanna pull.
Where's your head with Marnie?
Tonight, I'm trying to get
smashed.
But it'll be interesting
to see how it pans out. If she
wants
to have fun with no arguments,
that's fine, but this is Marnie.
We are talking about the most
kick-off girl in the world.
Aaron, whatever happens
with you and Marnie, happens.
I'm buzzing
to have my best mate back.
It's your first night back.
Let's get smashed.
Let's go.
Come on, Aaron.
Fuck off.
All he girls on the Toon!
All the lasses!
I cannot believe that Scott and
Marty still haven't turned up.
But that means more drinks for
us.
Aaron's night,
let's get fucking smashed.
I'm well looking forward to
celebrating my win with the
family.
Marnie looks pleased to see us.
Now the fight's over,
it's time to concentrate
on me and her.
(Chloe)
Tonight is gonna be a good one.
I know tonight
is gonna be a good one.
Of course it's functional and
it's
got your name written all over
it.
I was not expecting that.
Everyone! Hot tub!
We're all just so happy.
I don't know whether to watch,
to scream...
I've ended up getting with
Marnie.
I'm buzzing.
(all) Geordie Shore! Wey-aye!
.
We arrive at the club
and it's bouncing.
I know tonight
is gonna be a good one.
(they cheer)
Me and Chloe are having a chat
about Scott and Marty.
And we both agree it's weird
them not being here.
What has happened to them?
It is a bit strange
that Marty isn't here,
and I have missed him a lot, cos
me
and him lately have got so
close.
Marnie looks absolutely stunning
tonight.
If she's gonna shag him,
tonight would be the night.
Her being shy around Aaron means
she obviously has feelings for
him.
Something's gonna happen between
them and I hope that it's
marriage.
After Abbie's seen Scott pull,
I feel like her confidence is
down.
But I wanna get it up here
and make her feel
like a fully fledged family
member.
Gary is being really sweet
and telling me
that the girls did a good job
of my makeover.
Well, you don't look so bad
yourself, Gary.
I'm chatting with Aaron and
it feels so good to have him
back.
I'm never gonna let him go
again.
It's nice to see
how much Marnie cares.
It's been so long
since we've been single.
I'm starting to think something
might happen.
Marns, of course it's
functional,
and it's got your name
written all over it. Not
literally,
but you know what I mean.
(Gaz) Cheers, everyone!
You know we're having a good
night
if Gaz's dancing comes out.
I see Aaron and Marnie
about to kiss,
but Aaron's looking at me,
back to Marnie,
looking at me. OK, go on.
(cheering)
Whoa!
Yes! Me and Aaron
are finally tashing on,
and it's better than I can
ever remember. What a fucking
buzz.
Tonight, I am fucking mortal.
My fanny's out, my tit's out.
I'm swinging me hair around.
I think I'm fucking Beyonce.
This is my first night out
since I won my fight.
If this is a sign of things to
come,
bring it on.
Nathan's just ran over to try
and
three-way kiss with me and
Marnie.
No, Nathan,
Marnie is all mine tonight.
I might be a little bit drunk
and
there is a lot of love in the
air,
but Marnie will always be my
Marns.
Everyone's getting with
everyone.
I'm single. Abbie's looking fit.
Fuck it. I've decided to crack
on.
This makeover is really
working a treat.
Cos I was not expecting that.
Gary, you may have shagged
the whole of Newcastle,
but if you wanna get with me,
you've
got to try a lot harder than
that.
God loves a tryer.
I'm up for the challenge
when it comes to Abbie.
This is how nights out
should be like.
It's just us,
pissed out of our heads,
enjoying each other's company.
Now it's time to head home.
I can't wait to get Marns home
and
get her in that fucking shag
pad.
Sometimes we get back and argue,
have a food fight,
but we all haven't been in a
good
mood and in that hot tub for
ages,
so first, I'm gonna get Sophie
and throw her in.
# Sophie's in the hot tub
La-la, la-la
# La-la-la
I'm in the hot tub topless.
What has got into me tonight?
It's definitely the vodka.
Everyone, hot tub!
Gary put Sophie in the hot tub,
but I get put in the bird bath.
I am not an animal!
Chloe, just get out.
Thank fuck that them ducks
are asleep,
because I don't want them
seeing their mam in this state.
Sophie, come on!
We're all naked,
we're all in the hot tub.
We're all just so happy. I love
it.
It's like a hot tub of Geordie
soup.
It's nights like tonight
that remind us
how special our family really
is.
Marnie suggests we play
truth or dare, my favourite
game.
Abbie, come here. (laughs)
I can't turn down a dare,
so I have a little peck.
That was shit!
Why am I playing truth or dare
with amateurs?
You better step it up
if you want me to play.
He didn't even think.
He was taking it seriously.
The kid was like Usain Bolt.
He couldn't wait to get in
there.
Gary doesn't have to ask us
twice,
cos I'm already in the shag pad
with my legs wide open.
Oh, my God!
I don't now whether to watch,
to scream, to hide.
I think
I'm really enjoying watching.
After what Nathan did,
I feel like I've got power.
I haven't seen Sophie let loose
in ages.
I fucking love it!
(all chant) Sophie! Sophie!
Sophie!
(Nathan) Go on, Sophie!
Yay!
I'm simulating sex, mortal,
naked.
Don't even know my own fucking
name.
This is the best night ever.
Wow. Wow.
It wouldn't be a Geordie Shore
night out, without a food fight.
But this time,
it's a naked food fight.
This is gonna get messy.
This is getting a bit weird.
I won't let anything stop me
and Aaron's night back together.
I'm gonna take him to bed
and get away from this mess.
(indistinct shouting)
(Nathan laughs)
I am covered in food.
I need to go in the shower.
But I feel like everyone
wants to join us.
Why are they such pervs?
Do you know what it is? Let's
just
continue the love. Shower,
anyone?
I walk into the bathroom and see
everyone else in the shower.
I'm gonna join in.
This is one fucked-up family.
This shower is so wrong.
Yet it feels so right.
This has been one of the best
nights
in the Geordie Shore house.
I'm just gutted that Scott and
Marty
missed it.
The amount of times
I fell over tonight,
I need to go to bed
before I hurt myself even more.
Tonight couldn't really get any
better.
We've had a wicked night out,
all been in the hot tub,
and now me and Marnie
are in the shag pad.
Oh, my God. I can't believe it.
Me and Aaron
are actually having sex again.
It's been so long since we did
this.
But it feels so right.
I come back to the house to have
fun
and enjoy myself,
and I've ended up
getting with Marnie.
I'm buzzing, and who knows, we
might
give this relationship another
go.
Wow. I'm done.
Everyone, Anna's here.
I've got some good news...
and some bad news.
What the fuck can it be?
I am sending you... to Rome.
(all cheer)
I can't fucking wait.
Hello, Italy!
I just hope that Rome
is ready for we.
It makes it even better
that it's because of me.
Abbie is looking pretty fit.
(shouting)
Who wants to come to Newcastle?
You look like a giant turd.
Oh, my God! Hi.
I'm back!
What the fuck happened to Abbie,
Gary?
It's time to put all this graft
to work.
.